go/sdk/README.md, before:

# Go API client for sdk

No description provided (generated by Openapi Generator https://github.com/openapitools/openapi-generator)

## Overview
This API client was generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project.  By using the [OpenAPI-spec](https://www.openapis.org/) from a remote server, you can easily generate an API client.

- API version: 1.3.0
- Package version: 1.1.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.GoClientCodegen

## Installation

Install the following dependencies:
```
go get github.com/stretchr/testify/assert
go get golang.org/x/oauth2
go get golang.org/x/net/context
go get github.com/antihax/optional
```

Put the package under your project folder and add the following in import:
```golang
import "./sdk"
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://localhost:12052*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*AnalyticsApi* | [**AnalyticsGetNetworkActivityPost**](docs/AnalyticsApi.md#analyticsgetnetworkactivitypost) | **Post** /analytics/get_network_activity | Get details on past blocks
*HealthApi* | [**HealthPost**](docs/HealthApi.md#healthpost) | **Post** /health | Perform a healthcheck of the node and its dependent services
*NodeApi* | [**NodeDeleteWalletPost**](docs/NodeApi.md#nodedeletewalletpost) | **Post** /node/delete_wallet | Delete a wallet
*NodeApi* | [**NodeExportWalletPost**](docs/NodeApi.md#nodeexportwalletpost) | **Post** /node/export_wallet | Export wallet secret key
*NodeApi* | [**NodeGenerateWalletPost**](docs/NodeApi.md#nodegeneratewalletpost) | **Post** /node/generate_wallet | Generate a new wallet
*NodeApi* | [**NodeGetAllWalletsPost**](docs/NodeApi.md#nodegetallwalletspost) | **Post** /node/get_all_wallets | Get all wallet labels
*NodeApi* | [**NodeGetRulesPost**](docs/NodeApi.md#nodegetrulespost) | **Post** /node/get_rules | Get network governance rules
*NodeApi* | [**NodeGetTaskStatusPost**](docs/NodeApi.md#nodegettaskstatuspost) | **Post** /node/get_task_status | Get all tasks in the node
*NodeApi* | [**NodeImportWalletPost**](docs/NodeApi.md#nodeimportwalletpost) | **Post** /node/import_wallet | Import wallet from secret key
*NodeApi* | [**NodeUnlockWalletPost**](docs/NodeApi.md#nodeunlockwalletpost) | **Post** /node/unlock_wallet | Unlocks a wallet for a given amount of seconds [async call]
*WalletApi* | [**WalletCreateRulePost**](docs/WalletApi.md#walletcreaterulepost) | **Post** /wallet/create_rule | Create &amp; broadcast add-config-rule [async call]
*WalletApi* | [**WalletDeleteRulePost**](docs/WalletApi.md#walletdeleterulepost) | **Post** /wallet/delete_rule | Create &amp; broadcast delete-config-rule [async call]
*WalletApi* | [**WalletGetActivityPost**](docs/WalletApi.md#walletgetactivitypost) | **Post** /wallet/get_activity | Get wallet activity (transactions)
*WalletApi* | [**WalletGetBalancesPost**](docs/WalletApi.md#walletgetbalancespost) | **Post** /wallet/get_balances | Get wallets balance
*WalletApi* | [**WalletGetNewAddressPost**](docs/WalletApi.md#walletgetnewaddresspost) | **Post** /wallet/get_new_address | Get a new address from a given diversifier or generate randomly
*WalletApi* | [**WalletGetPublicKeyPost**](docs/WalletApi.md#walletgetpublickeypost) | **Post** /wallet/get_public_key | Get wallet public key
*WalletApi* | [**WalletIssueAssetPost**](docs/WalletApi.md#walletissueassetpost) | **Post** /wallet/issue_asset | Issue assets [async call]
*WalletApi* | [**WalletTransferAssetPost**](docs/WalletApi.md#wallettransferassetpost) | **Post** /wallet/transfer_asset | Transfer assets [async call]


## Documentation For Models

 - [AnalyticIssueWalletTx](docs/AnalyticIssueWalletTx.md)
 - [AnalyticRuleWalletTx](docs/AnalyticRuleWalletTx.md)
 - [AnalyticTransaction](docs/AnalyticTransaction.md)
 - [AnalyticTransferWalletTx](docs/AnalyticTransferWalletTx.md)
 - [AnalyticWalletMetadata](docs/AnalyticWalletMetadata.md)
 - [AnalyticWalletTx](docs/AnalyticWalletTx.md)
 - [AnalyticsAssetConverterProofDescription](docs/AnalyticsAssetConverterProofDescription.md)
 - [AnalyticsConfidentialIssuanceDescription](docs/AnalyticsConfidentialIssuanceDescription.md)
 - [AnalyticsIssueTx](docs/AnalyticsIssueTx.md)
 - [AnalyticsOutput](docs/AnalyticsOutput.md)
 - [AnalyticsOutputDescription](docs/AnalyticsOutputDescription.md)
 - [AnalyticsPublicIssuanceDescription](docs/AnalyticsPublicIssuanceDescription.md)
 - [AnalyticsRule](docs/AnalyticsRule.md)
 - [AnalyticsRuleDefinition](docs/AnalyticsRuleDefinition.md)
 - [AnalyticsRuleTx](docs/AnalyticsRuleTx.md)
 - [AnalyticsRuleWalletDefinition](docs/AnalyticsRuleWalletDefinition.md)
 - [AnalyticsSpendDescription](docs/AnalyticsSpendDescription.md)
 - [AnalyticsTransferTx](docs/AnalyticsTransferTx.md)
 - [AnalyticsTxMetadata](docs/AnalyticsTxMetadata.md)
 - [AsyncTaskCreatedResponse](docs/AsyncTaskCreatedResponse.md)
 - [BalanceForAsset](docs/BalanceForAsset.md)
 - [CreateRuleRequest](docs/CreateRuleRequest.md)
 - [DeleteRuleRequest](docs/DeleteRuleRequest.md)
 - [DeleteWalletRequest](docs/DeleteWalletRequest.md)
 - [ErrorResponse](docs/ErrorResponse.md)
 - [ExportWalletRequest](docs/ExportWalletRequest.md)
 - [ExportWalletResponse](docs/ExportWalletResponse.md)
 - [GenerateWalletRequest](docs/GenerateWalletRequest.md)
 - [GetAllWalletsResponse](docs/GetAllWalletsResponse.md)
 - [GetNetworkActivityRequest](docs/GetNetworkActivityRequest.md)
 - [GetNetworkActivityResponse](docs/GetNetworkActivityResponse.md)
 - [GetNewAddressRequest](docs/GetNewAddressRequest.md)
 - [GetNewAddressResponse](docs/GetNewAddressResponse.md)
 - [GetPublicKeyRequest](docs/GetPublicKeyRequest.md)
 - [GetPublicKeyResponse](docs/GetPublicKeyResponse.md)
 - [GetRulesResponse](docs/GetRulesResponse.md)
 - [GetTaskStatusRequest](docs/GetTaskStatusRequest.md)
 - [GetTaskStatusResponse](docs/GetTaskStatusResponse.md)
 - [GetWalletActivityRequest](docs/GetWalletActivityRequest.md)
 - [GetWalletActivityResponse](docs/GetWalletActivityResponse.md)
 - [GetWalletBalanceRequest](docs/GetWalletBalanceRequest.md)
 - [GetWalletBalanceResponse](docs/GetWalletBalanceResponse.md)
 - [HealthcheckResponse](docs/HealthcheckResponse.md)
 - [HealthcheckResponseItem](docs/HealthcheckResponseItem.md)
 - [ImportWalletRequest](docs/ImportWalletRequest.md)
 - [IssueAssetRequest](docs/IssueAssetRequest.md)
 - [Rule](docs/Rule.md)
 - [TransactionsForWallet](docs/TransactionsForWallet.md)
 - [TransferAssetRequest](docs/TransferAssetRequest.md)
 - [UnlockWalletRequest](docs/UnlockWalletRequest.md)


## Documentation For Authorization

## ApiKeyAuth
- **Type**: API key 

Example
```golang
auth := context.WithValue(context.Background(), sw.ContextAPIKey, sw.APIKey{
	Key: "APIKEY",
	Prefix: "Bearer", // Omit if not necessary.
})
r, err := client.Service.Operation(auth, args)
```

## Author

Commit message:

feat: automatic push to dev_guide from CI [tag=v1.4.0]

go/sdk/README.md, after:

# Go API client for sdk

No description provided (generated by Openapi Generator https://github.com/openapitools/openapi-generator)

## Overview
This API client was generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project.  By using the [OpenAPI-spec](https://www.openapis.org/) from a remote server, you can easily generate an API client.

- API version: 1.4.0
- Package version: 1.1.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.GoClientCodegen

## Installation

Install the following dependencies:
```
go get github.com/stretchr/testify/assert
go get golang.org/x/oauth2
go get golang.org/x/net/context
go get github.com/antihax/optional
```

Put the package under your project folder and add the following in import:
```golang
import "./sdk"
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://localhost:12052*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*AnalyticsApi* | [**AnalyticsGetNetworkActivityPost**](docs/AnalyticsApi.md#analyticsgetnetworkactivitypost) | **Post** /analytics/get_network_activity | Get details on past blocks
*HealthApi* | [**HealthPost**](docs/HealthApi.md#healthpost) | **Post** /health | Perform a healthcheck of the node and its dependent services
*NodeApi* | [**NodeDeleteWalletPost**](docs/NodeApi.md#nodedeletewalletpost) | **Post** /node/delete_wallet | Delete a wallet
*NodeApi* | [**NodeExportAuditorAccessWalletPost**](docs/NodeApi.md#nodeexportauditoraccesswalletpost) | **Post** /node/export_auditor_access_wallet | Export a viewing key that allows an auditor to view all transactions to and from a wallet. The viewing key is encrypted for the auditor identified by recipient_payment_address. The viewing key does not enable the auditor to make transactions.
*NodeApi* | [**NodeExportWalletPost**](docs/NodeApi.md#nodeexportwalletpost) | **Post** /node/export_wallet | Export wallet secret key
*NodeApi* | [**NodeGenerateWalletPost**](docs/NodeApi.md#nodegeneratewalletpost) | **Post** /node/generate_wallet | Generate a new wallet
*NodeApi* | [**NodeGetAllWalletsPost**](docs/NodeApi.md#nodegetallwalletspost) | **Post** /node/get_all_wallets | Get all wallet labels
*NodeApi* | [**NodeGetRulesPost**](docs/NodeApi.md#nodegetrulespost) | **Post** /node/get_rules | Get network governance rules
*NodeApi* | [**NodeGetTaskStatusPost**](docs/NodeApi.md#nodegettaskstatuspost) | **Post** /node/get_task_status | Get a specific task (by ID)
*NodeApi* | [**NodeGetTasksPost**](docs/NodeApi.md#nodegettaskspost) | **Post** /node/get_tasks | Get a list of tasks by results/types
*NodeApi* | [**NodeImportAuditorAccessWalletPost**](docs/NodeApi.md#nodeimportauditoraccesswalletpost) | **Post** /node/import_auditor_access_wallet | Import a viewing key generated by export_auditor_access_wallet. This will create a read-only wallet which can be queried with endpoints such as get_activity and get_balances, but cannot be used to perform transactions.
*NodeApi* | [**NodeImportWalletPost**](docs/NodeApi.md#nodeimportwalletpost) | **Post** /node/import_wallet | Import wallet from secret key
*NodeApi* | [**NodeUnlockWalletPost**](docs/NodeApi.md#nodeunlockwalletpost) | **Post** /node/unlock_wallet | Unlocks a wallet for a given amount of seconds [async call]
*WalletApi* | [**WalletCreateRulePost**](docs/WalletApi.md#walletcreaterulepost) | **Post** /wallet/create_rule | Create &amp; broadcast add-config-rule [async call]
*WalletApi* | [**WalletDeleteRulePost**](docs/WalletApi.md#walletdeleterulepost) | **Post** /wallet/delete_rule | Create &amp; broadcast delete-config-rule [async call]
*WalletApi* | [**WalletGetActivityPost**](docs/WalletApi.md#walletgetactivitypost) | **Post** /wallet/get_activity | Get wallet activity (transactions)
*WalletApi* | [**WalletGetBalancesPost**](docs/WalletApi.md#walletgetbalancespost) | **Post** /wallet/get_balances | Get wallets balance
*WalletApi* | [**WalletGetNewAddressPost**](docs/WalletApi.md#walletgetnewaddresspost) | **Post** /wallet/get_new_address | Get a new address from a given diversifier or generate randomly
*WalletApi* | [**WalletGetPublicKeyPost**](docs/WalletApi.md#walletgetpublickeypost) | **Post** /wallet/get_public_key | Get wallet public key
*WalletApi* | [**WalletIssueAssetPost**](docs/WalletApi.md#walletissueassetpost) | **Post** /wallet/issue_asset | Issue assets [async call]
*WalletApi* | [**WalletTransferAssetPost**](docs/WalletApi.md#wallettransferassetpost) | **Post** /wallet/transfer_asset | Transfer assets [async call]


## Documentation For Models

 - [AnalyticIssueWalletTx](docs/AnalyticIssueWalletTx.md)
 - [AnalyticRuleWalletTx](docs/AnalyticRuleWalletTx.md)
 - [AnalyticTransaction](docs/AnalyticTransaction.md)
 - [AnalyticTransferWalletTx](docs/AnalyticTransferWalletTx.md)
 - [AnalyticWalletMetadata](docs/AnalyticWalletMetadata.md)
 - [AnalyticWalletTx](docs/AnalyticWalletTx.md)
 - [AnalyticsAssetConverterProofDescription](docs/AnalyticsAssetConverterProofDescription.md)
 - [AnalyticsConfidentialIssuanceDescription](docs/AnalyticsConfidentialIssuanceDescription.md)
 - [AnalyticsIssueTx](docs/AnalyticsIssueTx.md)
 - [AnalyticsMultiTransferTx](docs/AnalyticsMultiTransferTx.md)
 - [AnalyticsOutput](docs/AnalyticsOutput.md)
 - [AnalyticsOutputDescription](docs/AnalyticsOutputDescription.md)
 - [AnalyticsPublicIssuanceDescription](docs/AnalyticsPublicIssuanceDescription.md)
 - [AnalyticsRule](docs/AnalyticsRule.md)
 - [AnalyticsRuleDefinition](docs/AnalyticsRuleDefinition.md)
 - [AnalyticsRuleTx](docs/AnalyticsRuleTx.md)
 - [AnalyticsRuleWalletDefinition](docs/AnalyticsRuleWalletDefinition.md)
 - [AnalyticsSpendDescription](docs/AnalyticsSpendDescription.md)
 - [AnalyticsTransferTx](docs/AnalyticsTransferTx.md)
 - [AnalyticsTxMetadata](docs/AnalyticsTxMetadata.md)
 - [AsyncTaskCreatedResponse](docs/AsyncTaskCreatedResponse.md)
 - [BalanceForAsset](docs/BalanceForAsset.md)
 - [CreateRuleRequest](docs/CreateRuleRequest.md)
 - [DeleteRuleRequest](docs/DeleteRuleRequest.md)
 - [DeleteWalletRequest](docs/DeleteWalletRequest.md)
 - [ErrorResponse](docs/ErrorResponse.md)
 - [ExportAuditorAccessWalletRequest](docs/ExportAuditorAccessWalletRequest.md)
 - [ExportAuditorAccessWalletResponse](docs/ExportAuditorAccessWalletResponse.md)
 - [ExportWalletRequest](docs/ExportWalletRequest.md)
 - [ExportWalletResponse](docs/ExportWalletResponse.md)
 - [GenerateWalletRequest](docs/GenerateWalletRequest.md)
 - [GetAllWalletsResponse](docs/GetAllWalletsResponse.md)
 - [GetNetworkActivityRequest](docs/GetNetworkActivityRequest.md)
 - [GetNetworkActivityResponse](docs/GetNetworkActivityResponse.md)
 - [GetNewAddressRequest](docs/GetNewAddressRequest.md)
 - [GetNewAddressResponse](docs/GetNewAddressResponse.md)
 - [GetPublicKeyRequest](docs/GetPublicKeyRequest.md)
 - [GetPublicKeyResponse](docs/GetPublicKeyResponse.md)
 - [GetRulesResponse](docs/GetRulesResponse.md)
 - [GetTaskStatusRequest](docs/GetTaskStatusRequest.md)
 - [GetTaskStatusResponse](docs/GetTaskStatusResponse.md)
 - [GetTasksRequest](docs/GetTasksRequest.md)
 - [GetTasksResponse](docs/GetTasksResponse.md)
 - [GetWalletActivityRequest](docs/GetWalletActivityRequest.md)
 - [GetWalletActivityResponse](docs/GetWalletActivityResponse.md)
 - [GetWalletBalanceRequest](docs/GetWalletBalanceRequest.md)
 - [GetWalletBalanceResponse](docs/GetWalletBalanceResponse.md)
 - [HealthcheckResponse](docs/HealthcheckResponse.md)
 - [HealthcheckResponseItem](docs/HealthcheckResponseItem.md)
 - [ImportAuditorAccessWalletRequest](docs/ImportAuditorAccessWalletRequest.md)
 - [ImportWalletRequest](docs/ImportWalletRequest.md)
 - [IssueAssetRequest](docs/IssueAssetRequest.md)
 - [Rule](docs/Rule.md)
 - [TransactionsForWallet](docs/TransactionsForWallet.md)
 - [TransferAssetRequest](docs/TransferAssetRequest.md)
 - [UnlockWalletRequest](docs/UnlockWalletRequest.md)


## Documentation For Authorization

## ApiKeyAuth
- **Type**: API key 

Example
```golang
auth := context.WithValue(context.Background(), sw.ContextAPIKey, sw.APIKey{
	Key: "APIKEY",
	Prefix: "Bearer", // Omit if not necessary.
})
r, err := client.Service.Operation(auth, args)
```

## Author
