js/sdk/README.md, before:

# qed-it-asset-transfers

QedItAssetTransfers - JavaScript client for qed-it-asset-transfers
No description provided (generated by Openapi Generator https://github.com/openapitools/openapi-generator)
This SDK is automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project:

- API version: 1.3.0
- Package version: 1.3.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.JavascriptClientCodegen

## Installation

### For [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)

#### npm

To publish the library as a [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/),
please follow the procedure in ["Publishing npm packages"](https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/publishing-npm-packages).

Then install it via:

```shell
npm install qed-it-asset-transfers --save
```

##### Local development

To use the library locally without publishing to a remote npm registry, first install the dependencies by changing 
into the directory containing `package.json` (and this README). Let's call this `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`. Then run:

```shell
npm install
```

Next, [link](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/link) it globally in npm with the following, also from `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`:

```shell
npm link
```

Finally, switch to the directory you want to use your qed-it-asset-transfers from, and run:

```shell
npm link /path/to/<JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR>
```

You should now be able to `require('qed-it-asset-transfers')` in javascript files from the directory you ran the last 
command above from.

#### git
#
If the library is hosted at a git repository, e.g.
https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID
then install it via:

```shell
    npm install GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID --save
```

### For browser

The library also works in the browser environment via npm and [browserify](http://browserify.org/). After following
the above steps with Node.js and installing browserify with `npm install -g browserify`,
perform the following (assuming *main.js* is your entry file, that's to say your javascript file where you actually 
use this library):

```shell
browserify main.js > bundle.js
```

Then include *bundle.js* in the HTML pages.

### Webpack Configuration

Using Webpack you may encounter the following error: "Module not found: Error:
Cannot resolve module", most certainly you should disable AMD loader. Add/merge
the following section to your webpack config:

```javascript
module: {
  rules: [
    {
      parser: {
        amd: false
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation](#installation) instruction and execute the following JS code:

```javascript
var QedItAssetTransfers = require('qed-it-asset-transfers');

var defaultClient = QedItAssetTransfers.ApiClient.instance;

// Configure API key authorization: ApiKeyAuth
var ApiKeyAuth = defaultClient.authentications['ApiKeyAuth'];
ApiKeyAuth.apiKey = "YOUR API KEY"
// Uncomment the following line to set a prefix for the API key, e.g. "Token" (defaults to null)
//ApiKeyAuth.apiKeyPrefix['x-auth-token'] = "Token"

var api = new QedItAssetTransfers.AnalyticsApi()
var getNetworkActivityRequest = new QedItAssetTransfers.GetNetworkActivityRequest(); // {GetNetworkActivityRequest} 
api.analyticsGetNetworkActivityPost(getNetworkActivityRequest).then(function(data) {
  console.log('API called successfully. Returned data: ' + data);
}, function(error) {
  console.error(error);
});


```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://localhost:12052*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*QedItAssetTransfers.AnalyticsApi* | [**analyticsGetNetworkActivityPost**](docs/AnalyticsApi.md#analyticsGetNetworkActivityPost) | **POST** /analytics/get_network_activity | Get details on past blocks
*QedItAssetTransfers.HealthApi* | [**healthPost**](docs/HealthApi.md#healthPost) | **POST** /health | Perform a healthcheck of the node and its dependent services
*QedItAssetTransfers.NodeApi* | [**nodeDeleteWalletPost**](docs/NodeApi.md#nodeDeleteWalletPost) | **POST** /node/delete_wallet | Delete a wallet
*QedItAssetTransfers.NodeApi* | [**nodeExportWalletPost**](docs/NodeApi.md#nodeExportWalletPost) | **POST** /node/export_wallet | Export wallet secret key
*QedItAssetTransfers.NodeApi* | [**nodeGenerateWalletPost**](docs/NodeApi.md#nodeGenerateWalletPost) | **POST** /node/generate_wallet | Generate a new wallet
*QedItAssetTransfers.NodeApi* | [**nodeGetAllWalletsPost**](docs/NodeApi.md#nodeGetAllWalletsPost) | **POST** /node/get_all_wallets | Get all wallet labels
*QedItAssetTransfers.NodeApi* | [**nodeGetRulesPost**](docs/NodeApi.md#nodeGetRulesPost) | **POST** /node/get_rules | Get network governance rules
*QedItAssetTransfers.NodeApi* | [**nodeGetTaskStatusPost**](docs/NodeApi.md#nodeGetTaskStatusPost) | **POST** /node/get_task_status | Get all tasks in the node
*QedItAssetTransfers.NodeApi* | [**nodeImportWalletPost**](docs/NodeApi.md#nodeImportWalletPost) | **POST** /node/import_wallet | Import wallet from secret key
*QedItAssetTransfers.NodeApi* | [**nodeUnlockWalletPost**](docs/NodeApi.md#nodeUnlockWalletPost) | **POST** /node/unlock_wallet | Unlocks a wallet for a given amount of seconds [async call]
*QedItAssetTransfers.WalletApi* | [**walletCreateRulePost**](docs/WalletApi.md#walletCreateRulePost) | **POST** /wallet/create_rule | Create &amp; broadcast add-config-rule [async call]
*QedItAssetTransfers.WalletApi* | [**walletDeleteRulePost**](docs/WalletApi.md#walletDeleteRulePost) | **POST** /wallet/delete_rule | Create &amp; broadcast delete-config-rule [async call]
*QedItAssetTransfers.WalletApi* | [**walletGetActivityPost**](docs/WalletApi.md#walletGetActivityPost) | **POST** /wallet/get_activity | Get wallet activity (transactions)
*QedItAssetTransfers.WalletApi* | [**walletGetBalancesPost**](docs/WalletApi.md#walletGetBalancesPost) | **POST** /wallet/get_balances | Get wallets balance
*QedItAssetTransfers.WalletApi* | [**walletGetNewAddressPost**](docs/WalletApi.md#walletGetNewAddressPost) | **POST** /wallet/get_new_address | Get a new address from a given diversifier or generate randomly
*QedItAssetTransfers.WalletApi* | [**walletGetPublicKeyPost**](docs/WalletApi.md#walletGetPublicKeyPost) | **POST** /wallet/get_public_key | Get wallet public key
*QedItAssetTransfers.WalletApi* | [**walletIssueAssetPost**](docs/WalletApi.md#walletIssueAssetPost) | **POST** /wallet/issue_asset | Issue assets [async call]
*QedItAssetTransfers.WalletApi* | [**walletTransferAssetPost**](docs/WalletApi.md#walletTransferAssetPost) | **POST** /wallet/transfer_asset | Transfer assets [async call]


## Documentation for Models

 - [QedItAssetTransfers.AnalyticIssueWalletTx](docs/AnalyticIssueWalletTx.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.AnalyticRuleWalletTx](docs/AnalyticRuleWalletTx.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.AnalyticTransaction](docs/AnalyticTransaction.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.AnalyticTransferWalletTx](docs/AnalyticTransferWalletTx.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.AnalyticWalletMetadata](docs/AnalyticWalletMetadata.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.AnalyticWalletTx](docs/AnalyticWalletTx.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.AnalyticsAssetConverterProofDescription](docs/AnalyticsAssetConverterProofDescription.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.AnalyticsConfidentialIssuanceDescription](docs/AnalyticsConfidentialIssuanceDescription.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.AnalyticsIssueTx](docs/AnalyticsIssueTx.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.AnalyticsOutput](docs/AnalyticsOutput.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.AnalyticsOutputDescription](docs/AnalyticsOutputDescription.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.AnalyticsPublicIssuanceDescription](docs/AnalyticsPublicIssuanceDescription.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.AnalyticsRule](docs/AnalyticsRule.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.AnalyticsRuleDefinition](docs/AnalyticsRuleDefinition.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.AnalyticsRuleTx](docs/AnalyticsRuleTx.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.AnalyticsRuleWalletDefinition](docs/AnalyticsRuleWalletDefinition.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.AnalyticsSpendDescription](docs/AnalyticsSpendDescription.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.AnalyticsTransferTx](docs/AnalyticsTransferTx.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.AnalyticsTxMetadata](docs/AnalyticsTxMetadata.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.AsyncTaskCreatedResponse](docs/AsyncTaskCreatedResponse.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.BalanceForAsset](docs/BalanceForAsset.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.CreateRuleRequest](docs/CreateRuleRequest.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.DeleteRuleRequest](docs/DeleteRuleRequest.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.DeleteWalletRequest](docs/DeleteWalletRequest.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.ErrorResponse](docs/ErrorResponse.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.ExportWalletRequest](docs/ExportWalletRequest.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.ExportWalletResponse](docs/ExportWalletResponse.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.GenerateWalletRequest](docs/GenerateWalletRequest.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.GetAllWalletsResponse](docs/GetAllWalletsResponse.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.GetNetworkActivityRequest](docs/GetNetworkActivityRequest.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.GetNetworkActivityResponse](docs/GetNetworkActivityResponse.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.GetNewAddressRequest](docs/GetNewAddressRequest.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.GetNewAddressResponse](docs/GetNewAddressResponse.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.GetPublicKeyRequest](docs/GetPublicKeyRequest.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.GetPublicKeyResponse](docs/GetPublicKeyResponse.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.GetRulesResponse](docs/GetRulesResponse.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.GetTaskStatusRequest](docs/GetTaskStatusRequest.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.GetTaskStatusResponse](docs/GetTaskStatusResponse.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.GetWalletActivityRequest](docs/GetWalletActivityRequest.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.GetWalletActivityResponse](docs/GetWalletActivityResponse.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.GetWalletBalanceRequest](docs/GetWalletBalanceRequest.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.GetWalletBalanceResponse](docs/GetWalletBalanceResponse.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.HealthcheckResponse](docs/HealthcheckResponse.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.HealthcheckResponseItem](docs/HealthcheckResponseItem.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.ImportWalletRequest](docs/ImportWalletRequest.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.IssueAssetRequest](docs/IssueAssetRequest.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.Rule](docs/Rule.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.TransactionsForWallet](docs/TransactionsForWallet.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.TransferAssetRequest](docs/TransferAssetRequest.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.UnlockWalletRequest](docs/UnlockWalletRequest.md)


## Documentation for Authorization


### ApiKeyAuth

- **Type**: API key
- **API key parameter name**: x-auth-token
- **Location**: HTTP header

Commit message:

feat: automatic push to dev_guide from CI [tag=v1.4.0]

js/sdk/README.md, after:

# qed-it-asset-transfers

QedItAssetTransfers - JavaScript client for qed-it-asset-transfers
No description provided (generated by Openapi Generator https://github.com/openapitools/openapi-generator)
This SDK is automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project:

- API version: 1.4.0
- Package version: 1.4.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.JavascriptClientCodegen

## Installation

### For [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)

#### npm

To publish the library as a [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/),
please follow the procedure in ["Publishing npm packages"](https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/publishing-npm-packages).

Then install it via:

```shell
npm install qed-it-asset-transfers --save
```

##### Local development

To use the library locally without publishing to a remote npm registry, first install the dependencies by changing 
into the directory containing `package.json` (and this README). Let's call this `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`. Then run:

```shell
npm install
```

Next, [link](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/link) it globally in npm with the following, also from `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`:

```shell
npm link
```

Finally, switch to the directory you want to use your qed-it-asset-transfers from, and run:

```shell
npm link /path/to/<JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR>
```

You should now be able to `require('qed-it-asset-transfers')` in javascript files from the directory you ran the last 
command above from.

#### git
#
If the library is hosted at a git repository, e.g.
https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID
then install it via:

```shell
    npm install GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID --save
```

### For browser

The library also works in the browser environment via npm and [browserify](http://browserify.org/). After following
the above steps with Node.js and installing browserify with `npm install -g browserify`,
perform the following (assuming *main.js* is your entry file, that's to say your javascript file where you actually 
use this library):

```shell
browserify main.js > bundle.js
```

Then include *bundle.js* in the HTML pages.

### Webpack Configuration

Using Webpack you may encounter the following error: "Module not found: Error:
Cannot resolve module", most certainly you should disable AMD loader. Add/merge
the following section to your webpack config:

```javascript
module: {
  rules: [
    {
      parser: {
        amd: false
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation](#installation) instruction and execute the following JS code:

```javascript
var QedItAssetTransfers = require('qed-it-asset-transfers');

var defaultClient = QedItAssetTransfers.ApiClient.instance;

// Configure API key authorization: ApiKeyAuth
var ApiKeyAuth = defaultClient.authentications['ApiKeyAuth'];
ApiKeyAuth.apiKey = "YOUR API KEY"
// Uncomment the following line to set a prefix for the API key, e.g. "Token" (defaults to null)
//ApiKeyAuth.apiKeyPrefix['x-auth-token'] = "Token"

var api = new QedItAssetTransfers.AnalyticsApi()
var getNetworkActivityRequest = new QedItAssetTransfers.GetNetworkActivityRequest(); // {GetNetworkActivityRequest} 
api.analyticsGetNetworkActivityPost(getNetworkActivityRequest).then(function(data) {
  console.log('API called successfully. Returned data: ' + data);
}, function(error) {
  console.error(error);
});


```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://localhost:12052*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*QedItAssetTransfers.AnalyticsApi* | [**analyticsGetNetworkActivityPost**](docs/AnalyticsApi.md#analyticsGetNetworkActivityPost) | **POST** /analytics/get_network_activity | Get details on past blocks
*QedItAssetTransfers.HealthApi* | [**healthPost**](docs/HealthApi.md#healthPost) | **POST** /health | Perform a healthcheck of the node and its dependent services
*QedItAssetTransfers.NodeApi* | [**nodeDeleteWalletPost**](docs/NodeApi.md#nodeDeleteWalletPost) | **POST** /node/delete_wallet | Delete a wallet
*QedItAssetTransfers.NodeApi* | [**nodeExportAuditorAccessWalletPost**](docs/NodeApi.md#nodeExportAuditorAccessWalletPost) | **POST** /node/export_auditor_access_wallet | Export a viewing key that allows an auditor to view all transactions to and from a wallet. The viewing key is encrypted for the auditor identified by recipient_payment_address. The viewing key does not enable the auditor to make transactions.
*QedItAssetTransfers.NodeApi* | [**nodeExportWalletPost**](docs/NodeApi.md#nodeExportWalletPost) | **POST** /node/export_wallet | Export wallet secret key
*QedItAssetTransfers.NodeApi* | [**nodeGenerateWalletPost**](docs/NodeApi.md#nodeGenerateWalletPost) | **POST** /node/generate_wallet | Generate a new wallet
*QedItAssetTransfers.NodeApi* | [**nodeGetAllWalletsPost**](docs/NodeApi.md#nodeGetAllWalletsPost) | **POST** /node/get_all_wallets | Get all wallet labels
*QedItAssetTransfers.NodeApi* | [**nodeGetRulesPost**](docs/NodeApi.md#nodeGetRulesPost) | **POST** /node/get_rules | Get network governance rules
*QedItAssetTransfers.NodeApi* | [**nodeGetTaskStatusPost**](docs/NodeApi.md#nodeGetTaskStatusPost) | **POST** /node/get_task_status | Get a specific task (by ID)
*QedItAssetTransfers.NodeApi* | [**nodeGetTasksPost**](docs/NodeApi.md#nodeGetTasksPost) | **POST** /node/get_tasks | Get a list of tasks by results/types
*QedItAssetTransfers.NodeApi* | [**nodeImportAuditorAccessWalletPost**](docs/NodeApi.md#nodeImportAuditorAccessWalletPost) | **POST** /node/import_auditor_access_wallet | Import a viewing key generated by export_auditor_access_wallet. This will create a read-only wallet which can be queried with endpoints such as get_activity and get_balances, but cannot be used to perform transactions.
*QedItAssetTransfers.NodeApi* | [**nodeImportWalletPost**](docs/NodeApi.md#nodeImportWalletPost) | **POST** /node/import_wallet | Import wallet from secret key
*QedItAssetTransfers.NodeApi* | [**nodeUnlockWalletPost**](docs/NodeApi.md#nodeUnlockWalletPost) | **POST** /node/unlock_wallet | Unlocks a wallet for a given amount of seconds [async call]
*QedItAssetTransfers.WalletApi* | [**walletCreateRulePost**](docs/WalletApi.md#walletCreateRulePost) | **POST** /wallet/create_rule | Create &amp; broadcast add-config-rule [async call]
*QedItAssetTransfers.WalletApi* | [**walletDeleteRulePost**](docs/WalletApi.md#walletDeleteRulePost) | **POST** /wallet/delete_rule | Create &amp; broadcast delete-config-rule [async call]
*QedItAssetTransfers.WalletApi* | [**walletGetActivityPost**](docs/WalletApi.md#walletGetActivityPost) | **POST** /wallet/get_activity | Get wallet activity (transactions)
*QedItAssetTransfers.WalletApi* | [**walletGetBalancesPost**](docs/WalletApi.md#walletGetBalancesPost) | **POST** /wallet/get_balances | Get wallets balance
*QedItAssetTransfers.WalletApi* | [**walletGetNewAddressPost**](docs/WalletApi.md#walletGetNewAddressPost) | **POST** /wallet/get_new_address | Get a new address from a given diversifier or generate randomly
*QedItAssetTransfers.WalletApi* | [**walletGetPublicKeyPost**](docs/WalletApi.md#walletGetPublicKeyPost) | **POST** /wallet/get_public_key | Get wallet public key
*QedItAssetTransfers.WalletApi* | [**walletIssueAssetPost**](docs/WalletApi.md#walletIssueAssetPost) | **POST** /wallet/issue_asset | Issue assets [async call]
*QedItAssetTransfers.WalletApi* | [**walletTransferAssetPost**](docs/WalletApi.md#walletTransferAssetPost) | **POST** /wallet/transfer_asset | Transfer assets [async call]


## Documentation for Models

 - [QedItAssetTransfers.AnalyticIssueWalletTx](docs/AnalyticIssueWalletTx.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.AnalyticRuleWalletTx](docs/AnalyticRuleWalletTx.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.AnalyticTransaction](docs/AnalyticTransaction.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.AnalyticTransferWalletTx](docs/AnalyticTransferWalletTx.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.AnalyticWalletMetadata](docs/AnalyticWalletMetadata.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.AnalyticWalletTx](docs/AnalyticWalletTx.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.AnalyticsAssetConverterProofDescription](docs/AnalyticsAssetConverterProofDescription.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.AnalyticsConfidentialIssuanceDescription](docs/AnalyticsConfidentialIssuanceDescription.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.AnalyticsIssueTx](docs/AnalyticsIssueTx.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.AnalyticsMultiTransferTx](docs/AnalyticsMultiTransferTx.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.AnalyticsOutput](docs/AnalyticsOutput.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.AnalyticsOutputDescription](docs/AnalyticsOutputDescription.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.AnalyticsPublicIssuanceDescription](docs/AnalyticsPublicIssuanceDescription.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.AnalyticsRule](docs/AnalyticsRule.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.AnalyticsRuleDefinition](docs/AnalyticsRuleDefinition.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.AnalyticsRuleTx](docs/AnalyticsRuleTx.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.AnalyticsRuleWalletDefinition](docs/AnalyticsRuleWalletDefinition.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.AnalyticsSpendDescription](docs/AnalyticsSpendDescription.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.AnalyticsTransferTx](docs/AnalyticsTransferTx.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.AnalyticsTxMetadata](docs/AnalyticsTxMetadata.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.AsyncTaskCreatedResponse](docs/AsyncTaskCreatedResponse.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.BalanceForAsset](docs/BalanceForAsset.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.CreateRuleRequest](docs/CreateRuleRequest.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.DeleteRuleRequest](docs/DeleteRuleRequest.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.DeleteWalletRequest](docs/DeleteWalletRequest.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.ErrorResponse](docs/ErrorResponse.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.ExportAuditorAccessWalletRequest](docs/ExportAuditorAccessWalletRequest.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.ExportAuditorAccessWalletResponse](docs/ExportAuditorAccessWalletResponse.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.ExportWalletRequest](docs/ExportWalletRequest.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.ExportWalletResponse](docs/ExportWalletResponse.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.GenerateWalletRequest](docs/GenerateWalletRequest.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.GetAllWalletsResponse](docs/GetAllWalletsResponse.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.GetNetworkActivityRequest](docs/GetNetworkActivityRequest.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.GetNetworkActivityResponse](docs/GetNetworkActivityResponse.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.GetNewAddressRequest](docs/GetNewAddressRequest.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.GetNewAddressResponse](docs/GetNewAddressResponse.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.GetPublicKeyRequest](docs/GetPublicKeyRequest.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.GetPublicKeyResponse](docs/GetPublicKeyResponse.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.GetRulesResponse](docs/GetRulesResponse.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.GetTaskStatusRequest](docs/GetTaskStatusRequest.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.GetTaskStatusResponse](docs/GetTaskStatusResponse.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.GetTasksRequest](docs/GetTasksRequest.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.GetTasksResponse](docs/GetTasksResponse.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.GetWalletActivityRequest](docs/GetWalletActivityRequest.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.GetWalletActivityResponse](docs/GetWalletActivityResponse.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.GetWalletBalanceRequest](docs/GetWalletBalanceRequest.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.GetWalletBalanceResponse](docs/GetWalletBalanceResponse.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.HealthcheckResponse](docs/HealthcheckResponse.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.HealthcheckResponseItem](docs/HealthcheckResponseItem.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.ImportAuditorAccessWalletRequest](docs/ImportAuditorAccessWalletRequest.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.ImportWalletRequest](docs/ImportWalletRequest.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.IssueAssetRequest](docs/IssueAssetRequest.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.Rule](docs/Rule.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.TransactionsForWallet](docs/TransactionsForWallet.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.TransferAssetRequest](docs/TransferAssetRequest.md)
 - [QedItAssetTransfers.UnlockWalletRequest](docs/UnlockWalletRequest.md)


## Documentation for Authorization


### ApiKeyAuth

- **Type**: API key
- **API key parameter name**: x-auth-token
- **Location**: HTTP header
